Nameservers (#36)
duckduckgo/tracker-radar-detector: README.md

|trackerDataLoc|path to your Tracker Radar data repository|
|crawlerDataLoc|path to your crawler data directory|
|performanceDataLoc|path to your performance crawler data|

> |nameserverMapLoc|path to your nameserver to entity mapping file|

Reviewer: ```suggestion
|nameserverListLoc|path to your nameserver to entity file|
```
